README.md, before:

# blog

![BVT](https://github.com/cszhe/blog/workflows/BVT/badge.svg)

[![Conatainerisation_Buildx](https://github.com/cszhe/blog/actions/workflows/conatainerisation.buidx.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/cszhe/blog/actions/workflows/conatainerisation.buidx.yml)


This is my personal website. It's written in Markdown and static HTMLs are generated by [Python pelican](https://getpelican.com/).

New articles are deployed to Google Firebase and a Kubeletes cluster automatically with Github Actions when committed.

## Linsk:

### UP

Main site: [https://hezongjian.com](https://www.hezongjian.com)

ARM Server: [https://arm.hezongjian.com](https://arm.hezongjian.com) Thanks to [Oracle Cloud](https://cloud.oracle.com/) Free Tier

Google Firebase mirror: [https://zhe-dev.web.app](https://zhe-dev.web.app) or [https://fb.hezongjian.com](https://fb.hezongjian.com)

Cloudflare CDN mirror: [https://cf.hezongjian.com](https://cf.hezongjian.com)

### DOWN

[Kubenetes cluster mirror](https://next.hezongjian.com)

Commit message:

Migrate blog from Pelican to Jekyll
- Convert 325 posts from Pelican format to Jekyll format

- Create Jekyll directory structure (_posts/, _layouts/, _includes/)
- Update GitHub Actions workflow for Jekyll deployment
- Update README to reflect Jekyll migration
- Add Gemfile for Jekyll dependencies

README.md, after:

# blog

![Build](https://github.com/cszhe/blog/workflows/Build%20Jekyll/badge.svg)

This is my personal website. It's written in Markdown and static HTMLs are generated by [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/).

New articles are deployed to Google Firebase automatically with Github Actions when committed.

## Links:

### UP

Main site: [https://hezongjian.com](https://www.hezongjian.com)

ARM Server: [https://arm.hezongjian.com](https://arm.hezongjian.com) Thanks to [Oracle Cloud](https://cloud.oracle.com/) Free Tier

Google Firebase mirror: [https://zhe-dev.web.app](https://zhe-dev.web.app) or [https://fb.hezongjian.com](https://fb.hezongjian.com)

Cloudflare CDN mirror: [https://cf.hezongjian.com](https://cf.hezongjian.com)

### DOWN

[Kubenetes cluster mirror](https://next.hezongjian.com)

## Migration from Pelican

This blog was previously powered by Pelican (Python-based static site generator). It has been migrated to Jekyll (Ruby-based) for better GitHub Pages compatibility.

- Posts directory: `_posts/` (Jekyll standard)
- Old Pelican content: remains in `content/` backup
- Theme: Custom Jekyll theme
